AGMS-298 - IDM testing/review (#676)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/keycloak/setting-up-the-idm-sdk.adoc

+
--
// end::excludeDownstream[]
. Add the following code to `index.html` located in `src/` :
+
[source,html]
----
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src * file: 'self' data: gap: https://ssl.gstatic.com 'unsafe-eval'; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; media-src *; img-src 'self' data: content:;">
----

> . Install the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aerogear/auth[AeroGear Auth] package from link:https://www.npmjs.com/[NPM^] in `src/`:

Author: Running this in 'src' resulted in this message:

 - " modified:   ../package.json"

Reviewer: that's normal for npm

+
--
// end::excludeDownstream[]
. Add the following code to `index.html` located in `src/` :
+
[source,html]
----
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src * file: 'self' data: gap: https://ssl.gstatic.com 'unsafe-eval'; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; media-src *; img-src 'self' data: content:;">
----

> . Install the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aerogear/auth[AeroGear Auth] package from link:https://www.npmjs.com/[NPM^] in `src/`:

Reviewer 2: don't need in `src/` in this line,
the command to install would be 
```
npm install @aerogear/auth --save
```
As with all npm modules they will be install in node_modules directory

Author: Change made locally.

+
[source,bash]
----
$ npm install @aerogear/auth
----

> . Use `browserify` so that you can use the `require` statement.

Author: Hi @austincunningham , @ziccardi - would you mind taking a look at this line and the next line, and suggest an enhancement?
For eg, line 85: What is the purpose of using the require statement - why would I want to use it, and if I use it, what does it do?
For eg, line 86: What is the "init snippet", and do I simply replace `import` with `require`?

Reviewer 2: `require` is how to use node modules , node modules don't work in browsers/cordova so you need to bundle them into native JS. That what browserify does.  `Import` is a more modern version of `require` but I would still use `require` with a cordova app.  see the screen shot for `init` 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16667688/56034482-4b49ae00-5d1f-11e9-8f00-38c7eddfbe62.png)

> . In order for a node module to work in a browser (and on Cordova), use `browserify` to allow for the use of a `require` statement.

Reviewer: I thin this might need to be addressed in a concept topic: "Introducing JavaScript bundling"

Author: I'm thinking that this relates to the comment above and should be part of a Content Strategist piece of work that is planned for GA.

Reviewer 2: browserify is and example of a JavaScript blunder but it is not the only one out there https://www.slant.co/topics/3900/~best-frontend-javascript-module-bundlers. We shouldn't be mentioning browsers as this is a Cordova implementation  
```suggestion
Use a JavaScript blunder e.g `browserify` so that you can use node modules in Cordova. We recommend the `require` statement rather that `import` for the use of the @aerogear/auth module as outline in the code snippet below.
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> $ npm install @aerogear/auth --save

Reviewer: @austincunningham  'save' hasn't been necessary for a few years https://blog.npmjs.org/post/161081169345/v500
do we need to specify it?

Reviewer 2: My reading of it as long as not using shrinkwrap. it should be fine to removed `--save`, as that is default behavior. 
:+1:

Author: Thanks for the feedback @austincunningham, and good spot @finp .

Change made: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/676/commits/7121c2f3738e17a279a66fc756b97c9f04cf5a83

----

> Use a JavaScript blunder e.g `browserify` so that you can use node modules in Cordova. We recommend the `require` statement rather that `import` for the use of the @aerogear/auth module as outline in the code snippet below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a JavaScript bundler, for example, `browserify` so that you can use node modules in Cordova. {org-name} recommends using the `require` statement rather than `import` for the the @aerogear/auth module as shown below:
```

Author: This comment is now marked as outdated. In addition, the update has been made and can be viewed here: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/676/files

+
--
// end::excludeDownstream[]

. Import and initialize Auth.
. Replace `import` with `require` in the `init` section, as displayed in the following snippet:
+
[source,javascript]

> ----

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't remove this line

Author: Hi @austincunningham - I'm confused. Above you stated that you "don't think this line is needed"[1] yet after I removed it, you state that you wouldn't remove it. Would you mind making the correct technical update so we can progress this situation? cc @pnagesha for visibility.

[1] https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/676#discussion_r283759272

Reviewer 2: #676 refers to the line 163

Author: Ah, ok @austincunningham :+1: 

So, as a Technical Writer, can I assume that the code is now correct? If not, can you please fix the code so we can progress this.

Reviewer 2: @jstaffor you still need to add back in line 165 which content is as follows
```js
const Auth = require('@aerogear/auth').Auth;
```

Author: @austincunningham - I've reverted this change: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/676/commits/e7e824a8951408c2d0b254490085a1df489194e1

+
--
// end::excludeDownstream[]

. Import and initialize Auth.

> . Replace `import` with `require` in the `init` section, as displayed in the following snippet:

Reviewer 2: don't think this line is needed as the snippet is already using `require` and not `import` e.g.
```
const Auth = require('@aerogear/auth').Auth;
```

Reviewer 2: Remove this line
```
. Replace `import` with `require` in the `init` section, as displayed in the following snippet:
```

Author: Update made: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/676/commits/77aef96c2f4ace32daf7bf4777cbfdd8c706824e

  </base-config>
</network-security-config>
----

> . For the `android` platform, include the following code in the `config.xml` file:

Author: @austincunningham - what file should this be added to, do you know?
